**VAPT SSL Pinning App**

**Overview**

The VAPT (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing) SSL Pinning App is a security project designed to enhance network communication security in mobile applications. This project focuses on implementing and testing SSL pinning, a technique used to mitigate man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks by associating a host with their expected X509 certificate or public key.

**Features**

•	Static SSL Pinning: Verifies the certificate hardcoded in the application, ensuring the app communicates with the precisely intended server only.
•	Dynamic SSL Pinning: Performs the pinning at runtime, allowing more flexibility and updates to the pinning configuration without the need to update the app.
•	Testing Utility: Allows security professionals to test the effectiveness of SSL pinning implementations against various attack scenarios.
•	Reporting: Generates reports based on the testing results, providing insights into potential vulnerabilities or weaknesses.

**Getting Started**

**Prerequisites**

•	Android Studio (latest version recommended)
•	Android SDK (latest version recommended)

**Installation**

1.	Clone the repository:
Copy code
_git clone https://github.com/cylab-africa/vapt-ssl-pinning-app.git _
2.	Open the project in Android Studio.
3.	Run the project on an emulator or an actual device.
   
**Usage**
•	Input the target URL you want to test for SSL pinning.
•	Choose the type of SSL pinning you want to test: static or dynamic.
•	Start the test and wait for the results.
•	Review the detailed report generated by the app.





